Nowadays, more and more jobs and task are done by machines which involve hard physical work. Do these effects of this trend outweigh the negative effects?

---

Increasing number of physically demanding jobs are being done by machines instead of human workers in modern society. From my perspective, this trend has more benefits than drawbacks.

Admittedly, replacing human workers with machines in any areas can have disadvantages, among which the most concerned problem is unemployment caused directly by it. Usually, business owners would prefer machines for their efficiency and low price, which motivates them to fire their former employees in pursuit of machine-dominant manufacturing for long-term profit, leaving those employees jobless, sometimes homeless. However, this problem can be dealt with. The reason behind the difficulty finding another job for those physical workers is that they are in lack of precious specific skills, which was exactly the reason brought them into hard physical work at the first place. If proper help is given to them, such as skill lessons and interview coaching, the problem of unemployment can become less worrying.

Except that machines can be more efficent and cheaper than human workers, replacing humans with machines in hard physical work has more advantages. First of all, human beings are animals, which means we have limits in physical term and only few humans can do excellent job while on the edge of physical limit. In this case, machines can be more ideal workers than humans. What's more, physical demanding jobs also implies the potential health risks involved. Nowadays, many physical workers are suffering from various diseases, plenty of them are caused by long-term repetitive working, like muscle strain and bone aging. Last but not least, one of the most significant component of humanity is that we have thoughts and feelings, which can be destroyed by dull physical working day by day. Having seen many physical workers myself, I understand deeply that they need to struggle to prevent themselves from being unified by their jobs. If physical work drain our passion and creativity, how can we still have the dignity of being human?

In conclusion, despite the concern that workers might lose job due to the large scale adaption of machine manufacture, it's still a appealing future where machines do the hard physical jobs while human beings are free from dull and repetitive work and enjoy the creativity and innovation which belongs to them by nature.
